Azure: use OIDC for GitHub Actions (#473)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/azure/ContinuousIntegration.rst

#. Link this Azure AD B2C tenant to the subscription for CI by following the `Billing guide <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/billing#link-an-azure-ad-b2c-tenant-to-a-subscription>`_.

> 

Reviewer: As a lot of stuff in this piece of documentation is similar with the Continuous Deployment, make the same changes where applicable.

Fork the nRF Asset Tracker repositories
***************************************

To enable continuous deployment, complete the following steps:

> 1. Fork the `nRF Asset Tracker for Azure repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js>`_.
> 
> #. Fork the `nRF Asset Tracker web application repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-js>`_.
> 
> #. Update the `deploy.webApp.repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js/blob/fd3777cde331286faf10e481bdf1a30327882008/package.json#L111>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for Azure fork. It must point to the repository URL of your fork of the nRF Asset Tracker web application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Fork the `nRF Asset Tracker for Azure repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js>`_.
#. Fork the `nRF Asset Tracker web application repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-js>`_.
#. Update the `deploy.webApp.repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js/blob/fd3777cde331286faf10e481bdf1a30327882008/package.json#L111>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for Azure fork. It must point to the repository URL of your fork of the nRF Asset Tracker web application.
```

   Use ``https://nrfassettracker.invalid/ci`` as the name.

   From the command line this can be achieved using:

   .. code-block:: bash

      az ad app create --display-name 'https://nrfassettracker.invalid/ci'
      export APPLICATION_OBJECT_ID=`az ad app list | jq -r '.[] | select(.displayName=="https://nrfassettracker.invalid/ci") | .id' | tr -d '\n'`
      az rest --method POST --uri "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/applications/${APPLICATION_OBJECT_ID}/federatedIdentityCredentials" --body '{"name":"GitHub Actions","issuer":"https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com","subject":"repo:NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js:environment:ci","description":"Allow GitHub Actions to modify Azure resources","audiences":["api://AzureADTokenExchange"]}' 

   Make sure to use the organization and repository name of your fork instead of ``NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js`` in the command above.

#. Set the secrets:

   - Set the secrets using the GitHub UI:

>      Set the following `secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/actions#secrets>`_ through the GitHub UI to an `environment <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/environments#creating-an-environment>`_ called ``production`` in your fork of the nRF Asset Tracker for Azure:

Reviewer 2: 'environment' is defined twice with different link targets (in line 69 also)

     * ``AZURE_CLIENT_ID`` - Store the application (client) ID of the service principal app registration created in step in the above step.
     * ``AZURE_TENANT_ID`` - Store the directory (tenant) ID of the service principal app registration created in step in the above step.
     * ``AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`` - Store the ID of the subscription which contains the nRF Asset Tracker resources.

     Set the following following values from your :file:`.envrc` file as secrets as well:

     * ``RESOURCE_GROUP``
     * ``LOCATION``
     * ``APP_NAME``
     * ``B2C_TENANT``
     * ``APP_REG_CLIENT_ID``

>      If you have enabled the :ref:`azure-unwired-labs-cell-geolocation`, add your API key as a secret as well:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     If you have enabled the :ref:`azure-unwired-labs-cell-geolocation`, add your API key ``UNWIRED_LABS_API_KEY`` as a secret as well.

>      * ``UNWIRED_LABS_API_KEY``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

     Alternatively, you can use the `GitHub CLI <https://cli.github.com/>`_  with the environment settings from above (make sure to create the ``ci`` `environment <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/targeting-different-environments/using-environments-for-deployment>`_ in your repository first):

    .. code-block:: bash

       export AZURE_CLIENT_ID=`az ad app list | jq -r '.[] | select(.displayName=="https://nrfassettracker.invalid/ci") | .appId' | tr -d '\n'`
       export AZURE_TENANT_ID=`az ad sp show --id ${AZURE_CLIENT_ID} | jq -r '.appOwnerOrganizationId' | tr -d '\n'`
       gh secret set AZURE_CLIENT_ID --env ci --body "${AZURE_CLIENT_ID}"
       gh secret set AZURE_TENANT_ID --env ci --body "${AZURE_TENANT_ID}"
       gh secret set AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID --env ci --body "${SUBSCRIPTION_ID}"
       gh secret set RESOURCE_GROUP --env ci --body "${RESOURCE_GROUP}"
       gh secret set LOCATION --env ci --body "${LOCATION}"
       gh secret set APP_NAME --env ci --body "${APP_NAME}"
       gh secret set B2C_TENANT --env ci --body "${B2C_TENANT}"
       gh secret set APP_REG_CLIENT_ID --env ci --body "${APP_REG_CLIENT_ID}"

> #. Grant the application created in step 1 Owner permissions for your subscription:

Reviewer 2: Suggesting to link to step 1

.. note::

>    Azure functions allow only one Client ID and Issuer URL in the Active Directory authentication configuration. So, you cannot interact with this instance from the end-to-end tests and the web application since the user flow name differs (``B2C_1_developer`` for end-to-end tests and ``B2C_1_signup_signin`` for the web application) and it is part of the Issuer URL (for example, ``https://${TENANT_DOMAIN}.b2clogin.com/${TENANT_DOMAIN}.onmicrosoft.com/v2.0/.well-known/openid-configuration?p=B2C_1_developer``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Azure functions allow only one Client ID and Issuer URL in the Active Directory authentication configuration. You cannot interact with this instance from the end-to-end tests and the web application, because the user flow names are different (``B2C_1_developer`` for end-to-end tests and ``B2C_1_signup_signin`` for the web application) and it is part of the Issuer URL (for example, ``https://${TENANT_DOMAIN}.b2clogin.com/${TENANT_DOMAIN}.onmicrosoft.com/v2.0/.well-known/openid-configuration?p=B2C_1_developer``).
```

>    Azure functions allow only one Client ID and Issuer URL in the Active Directory authentication configuration. So, you cannot interact with this instance from the end-to-end tests and the web application since the user flow name differs (``B2C_1_developer`` for end-to-end tests and ``B2C_1_signup_signin`` for the web application) and it is part of the Issuer URL (for example, ``https://${TENANT_DOMAIN}.b2clogin.com/${TENANT_DOMAIN}.onmicrosoft.com/v2.0/.well-known/openid-configuration?p=B2C_1_developer``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Azure functions allow only one Client ID and Issuer URL in the Active Directory authentication configuration.
   So, you cannot interact with this instance from the end-to-end tests and the web application since the user flow name differs (``B2C_1_developer`` for end-to-end tests and ``B2C_1_signup_signin`` for the web application) and it is part of the Issuer URL (for example, ``https://${TENANT_DOMAIN}.b2clogin.com/${TENANT_DOMAIN}.onmicrosoft.com/v2.0/.well-known/openid-configuration?p=B2C_1_developer``).
```
